docs: optimize content grammar in actions.md (#2617)
posva/pinia: packages/docs/core-concepts/actions.md

## Accessing other stores actions

> To utilize another store, you can directly _get_ it inside of the _action_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To consume another store, you can directly _use it_ inside of the _action_:
```
